Remove registry banner (#1552)
Financial-Times/origami: apps/astro-website/src/content/documentation/tutorials/build-service.md

Finally, we want to showcase the popularity of each fruit in a sortable table. To do that, we're going to use the `o-table` component.

All of the markup that comes with an Origami component is available on the components' page in [Storybook](https://origami.ft.com/storybook/).

> We can find the markup for the <a href="https://registry.origami.ft.com/components/o-table#demo-row-stripes">striped variation of o-table in the registry</a>, and copy that <abbr title="Hypertext Markup Language">HTML</abbr> into our work from there.

Reviewer: The link here needs replacing
```suggestion
We can find the markup for the <a href="https://main--655f72ec522e424302dc6201.chromatic.com/?path=/story/o2-core_components-o-table-basic--basic-table-with-caption-and-footnote&args=stripes:!true&globals=backgrounds:!undefined">striped variation of o-table in the registry</a>, and copy that <abbr title="Hypertext Markup Language">HTML</abbr> into our work from there.
```
